So in this lecture, I'm going to discuss few important terminologies which is required to understand
this entire course module.
The first one is your Amazon ECR, which is an image registry, or in simple words, it is an container
image repository.
So with the name you can understand it is a location where the different teams like application team
or dv team, they can put their application as an image.
So like this way we have a location where we can deploy our application as a Docker image or other
image we can say.
Suppose there is an application team and they have developed one application as per the requirement of
the customer.
Now they want to run their application.
So what does it require to run the application?
It requires an infrastructure where they can deploy their application.
Suppose if they are using the Amazon ECS for the deployment of their application, it requires few important
things like very first step.
With the help of Docker.
You have to create the Docker image of your application.
Your application team has already developed the application.
Now they want to deploy their application with the help of Amazon ECS because Amazon ECS or Amazon EKS, these
are the orchestration tools, but directly you are not supposed to run your application into these services.
For that, you have to create the Docker image of your application.
So with the help of Docker or Docker file, you are going to create the Docker image of your application.
Now the application team is having the Docker image of their application.
Next step, they need some repository where they can push their Docker file of their application.
For that, they're going to use the Amazon ECR, which is an image registry.
Now they have pushed their Docker image into the Amazon ECR.
Now next is your orchestration tool.
So here we have 2 models.
The first one is your Amazon ECS and the second one is your Amazon EKS.
So basically EKS is for the Kubernetes.
For this entire course module, we are going to focus on the Amazon ECS.
So basically it's an orchestration tool for deployment of your application scheduling, scaling and management.
For that, we are going to use the ECS.
Now you have the Docker image of your application which is available on the Amazon ECR.
Next is you are going to use the Amazon ECS.
So when you are going to use the Amazon ECS, at that time, you have 2 models to select the cluster.
So basically there are 2 models that you can use to run your containers with the help of Amazon ECS.
So very first step, you are going to create a cluster with the help of Amazon ECS.
So while creating the cluster, you have 2 options.
The first one is your AWS Fargate, and the second one is Amazon EC2.
So what is AWS fargate.
So basically this is a serverless pay as you go an option, you can run containers without needing to
manage your infrastructure.
So if you are going to use the AWS Fargate so your Amazon is going to create a cluster for you.
In simple words, it will provide you one infrastructure where you can run your cluster.
And the infrastructure is completely it's a serverless or it will be managed by the AWS as a
customer.
You need not to worry about the infrastructure.
The second one is your Amazon EC2.
So basically here configure and deploy EC2 instances in your cluster to run your containers.
So if you are going to choose the Amazon EC2,  so as a customer you have all the options to go inside
the EC2 instance and you can manage those instances.
So no worries.
Once I will be doing the lab session, you can understand more on that.
So as of now, just keep in mind that while creating the Amazon ECS cluster at that time, you have 2.
options.
Either you can go with the AWS Fargate or Amazon EC2.
So basically ECS is the easiest way to deploy and manage your containers and integration with entire platform.
So if you are going to create the ECS infrastructure, you have integrated a lot of services like application
load balancer.
Auto scaling.
Batch elastic.
Beanstalk Cloud.
Formation, CloudTrail.
Cloud Watch events, So lot of things you can see that.
So these are the benefits.
If you're going to choose the infrastructure of the ECS to deploy your containers, you can also scale
to support cluster of any size service integration like your ALB and NLB are at container labels.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, we'll understand about the model of the cluster that we have and details.